# INESCTEC-FLYINGNETWORKS

## What is this
This software was made over the course of a summer internship at INESC TEC Porto. Its goal is to use a machine learning to predict the performance, measured by the variables throughput, delay and pdr, of a network based on UAVs (unnamed aerial vehicles), and use that prediction to chose the UAVs location which gives the best performance.


## Instructions
There are 2 different scripts that should be run:

- build_model.py

Used to build the model. Can be run with command:
`python3 build_model.py`
After the model is built, 3 .json files are saved at DataSet/Models-json with the 3 models corresponding to Throughput, Delay and Pdr, and 3 .hdf5 files are saved at DataSet/Checkpoints with the corresponding weights. After that, you should put these files in the DataSet folder, and change their name to model_<QUALITY_METRIC>.json and model_<QUALITY_METRIC>.hdf5 for each corresponding file.
Ps: in the case of the hdf5 files, everytime this script runs, it generates the 3 files with names like "checkpoint<NUMBER>", so just use the 3 highest numbered files for the last model generated, being the small numbered the Throughput file and the bigger the Pdr. 

- best_topology.py

Used to get the best topology for 10 predefined scenarios, representing the traffic generated by users. Can be run with command:
`python3 best_topology.py`
  
  All code was done considering python3 and it is placed at the src folder. We also have a FinalResults folder, where we some plots and some excel analysing the data obtained. All of our work during this one month internship can be resumed with the presention present at FinalResults folder, also.  
